README.md, before:

##NODE REST EXAMPLE

Uses Express as webserver.

API folder contains route code broken down by endpoint e.g. '/Products' etc.

'server.js' contains code that code that sets up server with configuration whilst 'app.js' is the main entry point for the API routing code.

The nodemon package is being used to restart the server when file changes are saved.

A script called "run" has been added to package.json passing server.js as the argument to nodemon on starting the application.

The morgan package is used to log the request and results to the console. An instance is created in app.js and acts as proxy for all commands routed through the server.

CORS (Cross-origin resource sharing) restrictions are set by the browser and can be overriden by setting the appropriate headers in the app.

```javascript
app.use((req, res, next) => {
    res.header("Access-Control-Allow-Origin", "*");

    res.header(
        "Access-Control-Allow-Headers",
        "Origin, X-Requested-With, Content-Type, Accept, Authorization"
    );
    if (req.method === "OPTIONS") {
        res.header("Access-Control-Allow-Methods", "PUT, POST, PATCH, DELETE, GET");
        return res.status(200).json({});
    }
    next();
});
```

Commit message:

Added mongoose connection string to app.js Added connection password to env via nodemon.js Added mongoose package Added new entry to launch.json Completed CRUD methods for products Added product schema

README.md, after:

## NODE REST API EXAMPLE

Uses Express as webserver.

API folder contains route code broken down by endpoint e.g. '/Products' etc.

'server.js' contains code that code that sets up server with configuration whilst 'app.js' is the main entry point for the API routing code.

The nodemon package is being used to restart the server when file changes are saved.

A script called "run" has been added to package.json passing server.js as the argument to nodemon on starting the application.

The morgan package is used to log the request and results to the console. An instance is created in app.js and acts as proxy for all commands routed through the server.

CORS (Cross-origin resource sharing) restrictions are set by the browser and can be overriden by setting the appropriate headers in the app.

```javascript
app.use((req, res, next) => {
    res.header("Access-Control-Allow-Origin", "*");

    res.header(
        "Access-Control-Allow-Headers",
        "Origin, X-Requested-With, Content-Type, Accept, Authorization"
    );
    if (req.method === "OPTIONS") {
        res.header("Access-Control-Allow-Methods", "PUT, POST, PATCH, DELETE, GET");
        return res.status(200).json({});
    }
    next();
});
```

### Data Persistence With MongoDb Atlas and Mongoose

Create a connection to db in app.js.

To work the Mongoose way create a "model" for the objects product and order objects.

Within the 'models/product.js' and 'models/order.js' files define the schema for the product and order objects using Mongoose functionality.

Use methods defined on each schema object to create, find, update and delete objects within the database.

Parameters are passed in the URL for GET and DELETE operations and extracted from the body for all other types.
